after two crews on the dropship hashtag
13-02313 are lost
other marines become superstitious and
give the unlucky ship to rookie light
cutter colby
cutter flies 20 missions without
casualty under her charge
the ship is renowned as lucky 13. cutter
loyal to her craft passes up upgrading
to newer models
on one mission 13 is grounded by a
subsurface gun
the ship fails but all its occupants
survive
[Music]
the troops evacuate as qatar occupies
enemy combatants
when overwhelmed cutter sets 13 to
self-destruct to kill as many enemy
troops as it can
after reaching the trench cutter watches
as the ship does not detonate until
enemy troops take over
where 13 takes them all down with her
cutter is awarded numerous medals and a
cutting-edge new ship
but she longs for her old lucky ship